#My GPS 1.1 Reflection
* I was having trouble with the concept of push, clone, and pull, and the process of create-add-commit. I was following the direction, but didn't know why I was doing things at certain steps.
* After working with Eric, my pair, and Katy, the teacher, I figured out the fundamentals of the steps of cloning, pushing, and pulling.
* I just asked a lot of questions. I asked why we need to move up to the leading directory at certain points, I asked how to set up Sublime Text to show me the preview using Chrome, and I just asked so many questions and they gave me the answers, directions, and explained why I must do this and that.
* As of now, I don't have anything confusing, as of now. But the more we learn as time goes on, I'm pretty sure I'll run into confusions and problems.
* I really think that GPS is a very good part of the course. For a person like myself, who is attending DBC without any prior knowledge about or experience with programming, GPS was the session that gave me a big relief and the time to ask questions and go through each step with the guidance and my partner together. Before GPS, I wasn't sure whether I did my assignments correctly, or why I did things this or that way. I just followed the directions without understanding the reasons for each step. However, GPS was the time for me to ask the questions I had, get help with some problems that I've encountered and most importantly, I gained confidence and positive attitude towards programming.